Tutorial:
https://code-boxx.com/simple-javascript-quiz/


https://www.funtrivia.com/playquiz/quiz6192b8b88.html







1. What did Rick have that everybody wanted?

	
Your Answer: money

The correct answer was Letters of Transit

92% of players have answered correctly.	   I see an error - submit correction...
2. Who said 'play it again Sam'?

	
Your Answer: Ilsa

The correct answer was No one

This line was never uttered in the movie:

Rick: You played it for her, you can play it for me.

Sam: But, I don't think I can remember ...

Rick: If she can stand it, I can... Play it!

71% of players have answered correctly.	   I see an error - submit correction...
3. What color dress was Ilsa wearing when she and Rick were in Paris?

	
Your Answer: Gray

The correct answer was Blue

We know the color of her dress because Rick mentions it when they are reminiscing. He says: "The Germans wore gray. You wore blue." Ilsa comments that she "put that dress away."

68% of players have answered correctly.	   I see an error - submit correction...
4. Why did Ilsa leave Rick waiting at the train station?

	
Your Answer: She changed her mind

The correct answer was She was married

84% of players have answered correctly.	   I see an error - submit correction...
5. What line in the movie was the basis of the title of a 1995 Kevin Spacey movie?

	
Your Answer: This is the beginning of a beautiful friendship

The correct answer was Round up the usual suspects

77% of players have answered correctly.	   I see an error - submit correction...
6. Who was reputed to be the first choice to play the part of Rick Blaine?

	
Your Answer: Ronald Reagan

This story may, in fact originate in studio hype, to keep Reagan in the public eye whilst he was serving in the armed forces.

51% of players have answered correctly.	   I see an error - submit correction...
7. The role of Sam was originally meant for a female. Name one of the three African American actresses considered for the part.

	
Your Answer: Lena Horne

40% of players have answered correctly.	   I see an error - submit correction...
8. Who is the owner of the Blue Parrot Cafe?

	
Your Answer: Sascha

The correct answer was Senor Ferrari

72% of players have answered correctly.	   I see an error - submit correction...
9. Casablanca takes place during what war?

	
Your Answer: Korean War

The correct answer was World War 2

Hey, I had to throw in an easy question!

92% of players have answered correctly.	   I see an error - submit correction...
10. What is the final line in the movie?

	
Your Answer: Round up the usual suspects

The correct answer was Louis, this could be the beginning of a beautiful friendship

90% of players have answered correctly.1. What did Rick have that everybody wanted?

 fame
 money
 Letters of Transit
 liquor
